listen so i've gotten a bunch of
requests to do this
eight episode netflix series from mexico
called control z
about a high school full of college kids
whose secrets get completely exposed
if you haven't seen assassination nation
or euphoria then i highly recommend
those and how they tackle adolescent
technology
but this one's a decent whodunit as they
spend the entire season looking for the
hacker
and it's also on netflix you know who's
finally embracing the idea of texting in
social media
unlike their other shows where they
write out the phones for convenience
but still want to bank on their anxiety
let me explain so the series follows
several students hiding more secrets and
wikileaks
you got the rich kids who are either
cheating dealing or addicted to drugs
some are even bullying gay teens while
addicted to gay porn themselves
pretty much everyone's never been
happier to have their phones at one
percent once a hacker starts revealing
their secrets
our main character is the anti-social
sofia who is
social with everyone she's got these
psych-like abilities to observe
everything so she's practically tasked
to hunt down the hacker who is exposing
everyone
her backstory makes hannah baker sound
like a pbs story though
as we realize that her father burned in
a fire and died leaving behind a
ridiculous amount of debt
at some point she ended up in a rehab
center because of her attempted suicide
on top of that her mom's dating the head
honcho of the school who wants to make
her advice even though she's
not ready so sophia's main escape are
these little secret book club meetings
that she's doing with someone who
seems to be her sugar daddy who then
turns out to just be your
daddy daddy
netflix really hates school
administrators pablo and isabella are
the first couple to get exposed after it
revealed that isabella had a sex change
paolo calls her out for not being a real
woman and leaves her
only to find out he ain't a real man
when he leaves a side chick too because
she's prego
luckily maria's sister is natalia who
runs one of the school's groups but
is on the verge of getting replaced
since they found out that she's been
skipping money off the top
so she just starts pushing real product
instead what a carla
other students with secrets include alex
who's dating the science teacher
uh rosita who rosita don't really have
anything she's she's just the best one
jerry with a g is a bag full of douche
left out in 98 degree humidity
they had the music from clockwork orange
playing over this guy's scenes cause
yeah he's always bullying the crap out
of this kid named luis
they go all out on their tvma rating
like they spent more screen time
punching this kid in the face and they
do their own credits like i needed a
skip
intro button for the amount of times
they terrorized this boy into having
boogers coming out of his mouth
like to think there was no blair witch
it was just this ironically his secret
is that he streamed about three
terabytes of gay porn which
is fine if he wasn't such a hypocrite on
the other hand luis
is just a simple kid who likes to draw
you know he at one point he even lies
about being the hacker so things can
just stop
and instead ends up in a coma cause of
jerry
i mean like all these phones and nobody
does a damn thing
considering that both louise and jerry's
secrets are out i'm guessing they're
gonna try to make him like a really
really repressed dude who
instead of facing his inner self decided
to lash out on the guy he had feelings
for
but there's a difference between hitting
on someone
and straight up hitting someone this man
pulled a full-fledged terrorist attack
and the crowd just parted the seat for
him like he was moses
hell dude even had an event page with a
reminder set on for this beating
the show pretends to be in the mind of
sophia but it does cheat and give
insights to some of the other characters
whenever it's convenient for the
audience so
maybe they're just saving his side of
the story for season two and are gonna
try to brace walker him while luis can't
believe it or not that scene where they
snatch his phone in the hospital it is
legally possible
some court cases in the u.s do make it
illegal to take someone's phone using
face id
but a touch id is supposedly fine we
then meet these two who are fighting
over the main character waiting for
sophie to make her choice
javier is a new student and son of a
famous soccer player who gets partnered
with sophia in one of their classes and
they start hitting it off
problem is his secret comes from his
previous school where an incident caused
him to transfer
and everyone starts to think that he was
a bully who during their soccer team's
hazing of a new player
caused him to jump to his death that
said considering how he reacted to
sophia taking a leap up on top
i'm assuming he was just trying to help
the kid but then got everything pinned
on him
which is exactly what raul tries to do
because he's the actual hacker
raul is the other love interest who
actually schemed the whole thing so that
sophia would start her investigation and
be their
greatest detective in the world he be
rabbited himself from the start
exposing his father's secrets to one get
rid of that man
and then two misdirect everybody he then
starts reenacting the box
putting an ultimatum on all of his peers
so that they either have to choose to
leak their secrets or somebody else's
of course nobody realizes the vicious
cycle they're creating and it just
proves the point that everyone is only
concerned about protecting themselves
and would turn on their closest friends
in a minute to not get exposed there's
been several movies that have covered
this new era of social media which at
one point you know tyler may have been
right just just close your phone but
not anymore like your online present
does affect your job
your scholarship even also every time
that we go
to apply to something for a film
festival they're asking us for the
socials
how the first thing most people do
nowadays after meeting you
is stock your profile to get an idea of
who you are i don't think people realize
that the next big war
is going to be a digital one with big
companies already prioritizing your data
to monetize
and kind of extend control over you but
hey keep taking them buzzfeed quizzes
that ask all the security questions
that you're straight up giving them
pretty much raul has a huge crush on
sophia and hated how all of his cool kid
friends were making fun of her all the
time
and he felt that she deserved more
respect so he stalked her after school
in order to get to know her personal
life now while he is the follow in the
series
i think he has a more interesting first
season i really do think he cares for
sophia even though it
it comes off creepy and the fact that he
comes from a family who's embezzled
millions and then decided to run away
practically orphaning their son without
telling him you know it's no wonder he
started hacking
and my boy gets it
don't hop on random wi-fi networks at
concerts outings or even coffee shops
it is the easiest way to dupe you out of
your info just because you wanted to get
a connection
we realized that raul is the one with
the digital ghost face mask under his
bed
and he has used bruno the it guy as his
minion to get the info he needed
unbeknownst to him he then sets
everything up to look like it was javier
who did it
he cost 12 on his own parents boy pulls
up on the principal since he got him
cheating more than his students
but then forgets that sophia is sherlock
and junior slips up on his phrases
[Music]
that shouldn't come
surprise they pull a coco on this man
and project his confession for everyone
to see at the dance which
i don't know how y'all can hear the
music from up there but you couldn't
hear the echo of your own evil speech
or how how did this boy record from a
football field away i mean
football feel away luis ends up dying in
the hospital making jerry a murderer
but you actually start to see the guilt
weigh on him throughout the season
as the remorse starts
nah bruh he really committed two
homicides in one season
once again we have all of these phones
throughout the entire series and no one
calls an ambulance as have yet bleeds
out
they're more worried about their secrets
which at this point have been completely
released
and start to all go crazy on each other
making things worse
not realizing that you can't press ctrl
z
in life thank you guys for checking out
this video i'm curious to know your
thoughts about it especially with the
themes dealing with privacy and security
and all that stuff
uh looking back at some of the cast and
stuff it's interesting to see how many
of them were involved in gossip girl
which
it's kind of ironic considering what's
going on in here um obviously they got
the reboot coming out for hbo max but i
had no idea there was an acapulco
version
on top of that you know it was
interesting to hear that they didn't put
them in uniforms for the show so people
didn't see this as being like elite
and i guess uh cast a payless mexican so
people can see it in america
i am curious with season two being
confirmed how they're gonna deal with
the guy who originally
blackmailed raul since the only reason
he became a hacker was because he saw
someone kind of
hack him i wonder if they're going to
explain the jerry situation
and how he had a crush on luis if yet is
dead dead
then it's probably going to become like
a procedural which is something we've
seen with 13 reasons why
hell with elite so it probably is going
to be the way that they're going to go
but that would just mean
more secrets are going to be exposed if
they take it to court so it's going to
be interesting you know
who knows they may pull a blum house and
cancel out everyone's dirt and go their
own way like it's the purge since
all secrets are out you know nobody
really embraces their lives anyway
or their mistakes barely anyone got
consequences so we'll see
i don't fully love the show but i did
find it interesting and i am curious to
see where season two goes
so i am curious to hear any ideas or
theories that you guys may have uh who
your favorite characters were all that
stuff or any shows that you would
recommend
other than that let me know your
thoughts down below and until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
and change your passwords